[Console] Add support for invokable commands and input attributes (#59340)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Console/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.3
---

>  * Add support for invokable commands and introduce `#[Argument]` and `#[Option]` attributes to define command input arguments and options

Reviewer: Let's have 2 lines as the features are not directly related.

CHANGELOG
=========

7.3
---

* Add support for invokable commands

> * Add `#[Argument]` and `#[Option]` attributes to define command input arguments and options

Reviewer 2: This attributes are not compatible with the `execute` method.

```suggestion
* Add `#[Argument]` and `#[Option]` attributes to define input arguments and options for invokable commands
```

Reviewer: I feel stupid now, but I didn't realize that the new arguments only work for invokable commands.

Reviewer 3: And invokable commands cannot be configured without these attributes :) I'd merge back the 2 entries

Author: Reverted!
